Replace StyleCI to PHP CS Fixer (#85)
yiisoft/proxy: CHANGELOG.md

## 1.2.1 under development

> - Chg #85: Explicitly import classes, functions, and constants in "use" section (@vjik)

Author: ```suggestion
- Enh #85: Explicitly import functions and constants in "use" section (@vjik)
```
